Code update to use MQTT broker in secure mode (mutual authentication … (#520)
lf-edge/edge-home-orchestration-go: docs/platforms/x86_64_linux/x86_64_linux.md

  - Same network connected among the devices.
  - Same Authentication key in /var/edge-orchestration/user/orchestration_userID.txt
    - To let the Edge Orchestration devices communicate with each other, each devices should have same authentication key in:

> `/var/edge-orchestration/certs/edge-orchestration.key` (Any cert file can be authentication key)

Reviewer: I think it should be modified like suggestion below.
```suggestion
`/var/edge-orchestration/user/orchestration_userID.txt` (Any cert file can be authentication key)
```

Author: I'm planning on deleting this as it's not being used yet. But this needs to be verified.
